Reolink admin needed (#25662)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/reolink.markdown

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

> A reolink user account with admin privilages is needed for proper operation of this integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Reolink user account with admin privileges is needed for the proper operation of this integration.
```
